if you've been watching my channel for a
minute you've probably heard me say at
some point I like to make videos that
don't just deal with controversy the
moment but talk about the deeper
underlying issues millennium-long
political questions and problems in a
way that would make this video
interesting if I come back and watch it
myself five years from now when I
forgotten the controversy of the day so
the the millennium-long issue here is
basically what do we mean by colonialism
what do we mean by genocide and what I
see is the necessity for all of us to
think more clearly and precisely about
these terms even when we're dealing with
contemporary politics today now in terms
of the controversy haha pardon me
a little cough there in terms the copper
to first see at the moment I've been
talking this guy ask yourself ask
yourself his name of his channel his
real name is Isaac he uses his real name
I'm not outing him not exposing both
Isaac or something and you know in my
conversations with him about these you
know really these issues that people get
upset about very quickly
he's kept his cool he's been very
courteous and for the most part I've
just been presenting him with facts he
didn't already know and perspectives he
hadn't already considered and you know
challenging his assumptions and he has
been met been magnanimous enough and
self disciplined enough to respond in a
totally you know respectful and
respectable way so I give him I give him
cry for this it's not the case that I
like confronted him with this and he
threw it back in my face but to give you
one example and they I mean I've
mentioned it's you but I asked him a
question this is kind of Socratic method
in a sense it's like well look if you're
basically happy with the status quo here
in Canada why is it when you look at the
Canadian Parliament it is basically all
white people and when you look back at
the history of the last 100 years why
has there been almost zero
representation of native peoples in our
parliamentary system you know doesn't
this already indicate a serious problem
now you can go into some depth on that
there are a lot of reasons why First
Nations need to be represented in
Canadian problem if you don't know First
Nations is our polite or technical term
in Canada for the Cree the AGOA the
mohawk for the peoples and languages and
civilizations that exist in Canada prior
to your
colonization therefore they were first
in a very simple chronological sense the
First Nations of Canada that's the idea
of the of the phrase now there are a lot
of pragmatic reasons why First Nations
need representation of Parliament beyond
the kind of just idealistic sense that
whoever lives in a country ought to be
represented problem we get a lot of
questions about women's representation
room are there enough women in problem
and you know it may be a significant
debate to have in some other video or in
some other context however you know
women do not have a separate school
board not in Canada First Nations have a
totally separate system school boards
that report to the federal government
not to the provincial government women
do not have a separate police force
think about that First Nations in Canada
need representation in Parliament so
they can talk about problems in their
schools
problems with policing problems with
hospitals and access to Medicare those
things are different in an institutional
sense so it should be a massive priority
for us to make sure we have democratic
representation of native peoples in
Canada in our Parliament or if we had
some other system you know if it wasn't
a parliament it was some other kind of
system of Elections to have them
represented because at a minimum even if
there was no issue with indigenous
languages indigenous culture with those
languages going extinct
there are massive practical reasons why
the representation of First Nations is
indeed more urgent and more important
than the representation of women I mean
like ultimately yes for example women
may have a different perspective on
policing they moved different experience
dealing with the police's in the Canada
but it's the same police system and
First Nations it's not there that always
had a completely separate system for
leasing there have been attempts to
change it in the last couple of decades
some of them now of policing that
reports to their local chief some of
them are still directly policed by the
RCMP the Federal Police it's it's a
strange history in itself as so how
they're provided with those fundamental
government services it's a big deal and
there's no way you can easily dismiss
the problem of
having no representation so what I'm
going to present this to to Isaac yes
Phil I think I can just say lost he
responded with real surprise Wow he had
he just never thought about this before
and you know I'll give him credit like
it wasn't like he responded in a hostile
way or a racist way these are just
political questions he had never asked
he'd never thought about the possible
answers and you know we talked about it
he talked about the extent to which
Parliament is and isn't meritocracy the
ways in which it is and isn't
representative of any given ethnic
minority or what-have-you
he asked reasonable questions and then
he took my answer seriously although
this is the situation where really could
have easily broken down into one side
calling the other racist or or what have
you
now if you guys haven't watched my
channel for a while I think it's pretty
obvious that kind of the ghosts haunting
this issue is the ghost of Corey
McCarthy and enterin Karthik there's no
cloud hanging traction we should edit
this we should put in my my n-word
please we should close a video because
in terms of how he did the discussion
between myself and Isaac got in the past
I've been in a position to say to him
look you're making excuses for people
who are racist hey honey
let's go breakfast this morning please
okay can't you just tell me what's for
breakfast
a [ __ ] plate Cory is not a supremacist
he just acknowledges racial differences
please America was founded
he just thinks there are some truths
about race when America was founded
highlight the whole things I'm like you
know people you know claiming that oh
well then what are you doing
Eric because you know that wasn't your
homeland etc there's army we came we
have the the better man wins that's how
it works and you know it's a solution
life exactly as far as in Africa
it's literally like the violent most
violent man gets the most women you know
in these kind of situations so they just
have not evolved in the same way but we
have legally we we developed these you
know complex societies these the great
architecture the great artwork degree in
using the science that literature etc
etc etc etc I mention the wheel yeah
meanwhile our counterparts in other
countries were living in my huts and
carrying baskets ironically right
quarries here wearing a Buddha to chef
then I'm here reading and we're both
vegan so just so you know we're not just
like we don't just like some
bloodthirsty love killing area beings or
something if the native population of a
territory we went into was capable of
defeating us we would have been defeated
and we would have wept you know it
wouldn't have worked out very well but
you know the only reason we were able to
do it is because why why why because
even to this day you find that a lot of
like medical research and is being
conducted also in America and Australia
and why would that be you think about
that because the r1b haplogroup then was
sent over to those two places they're
calling oils just look at every single
civilized country as well aside from the
East Asians which are kind of like a
separate issue you know you were I know
you can't help being born under in a
specific country with a specific you
know a specific race or a specific IQ or
whatever you know but the thing is like
let's say you're born with an 85 IQ just
like somebody who's born with a 2-inch
dick just like somebody who's born with
a 2-inch dick
that's like I'm sorry you got the shin
of a stick I mean what you can't really
do anything about it but you know
please you know blacks get on whites for
slavery they want reparations for it
when in fact blacks were selling their
own kind into slavery to whites and to
the Middle East
stop emails you know in their quarry is
not a supremacist please okay can't you
just tell me what's for breakfast
now this whole Cisco just lately because
a natural vegan she said to I think on
Twitter but she said to ask yourself she
basically discredited my saying we'll
look here's somebody who who bails out
racist or someone who sports racing
solicitors doc I don't think I mentioned
this to you you know his response to
that is to say well that's guilt by
association and that's hypocritical ie
you shouldn't you know you shouldn't
judge Isaac the same way you judge Corey
and that also so he claims that in the
same way that it's not immoral for a
vegan to associate with meat eaters or
to have positive relationships of
cooperation with with meat eaters you
can't judge someone this way in terms of
guilt by association this was an
interesting argument now I come out of a
straight political science background in
terms of politics and what I said to him
first and foremost was look she's got
you in the same way that like you know
if you're if you're running for the
Conservative Party or the Liberal Party
and people see you at a picnic with a
bunch of neo-nazis you can you could
offer this kind of this kind of excuse
about you know not guilt by association
or that you think you're playing a
positive role in reaching out to these
people and me you know may be true maybe
you have something interesting to say
under that hand but in terms of just
straight-up politics it's like well
you're you're setting yourself up to be
judged this way and I myself I have
judging this way thus all the hard work
that went into
the N word please video which would suck
at this point look I think that's that's
part of the reason I'm making this video
now
is that I don't want to be associate
with him and I want it to be clear even
though he's been cordial and polite and
with that you know intelligent
conversation about it this is something
where I've really kind of fundamentally
put my foot down and say hey this is
wrong and this is right so you know so
just reported the particular example of
talking about how Parliament works in
Canada and there was more to it than
that Stadium a little how are the
boundaries drawn how are the writings
defined how you know how actually does
Parliament work on like a mechanistic
level why does it over represent some
groups and exclude others and in its
history it was designed to be theirs so
that's one side of it why do the First
Nations even live where they live why
have they been put onto reservations
where they've been put in terms of being
scattered around and given worthless
land and all the valuable land taken
away from them there's a lot to this
history lurking behind a seemingly
simple question of why are there so few
First Nations people like the department
right but including just the land
they're living on and the land they're
not living on like downtown Toronto like
even where was living before you know I
was in Victoria exactly where the
Parliament building was in the middle of
downtown Victoria at the heart of the
city that was that was where you know
the indigenous people lived that was the
center of their their city their town
their civilization
it was the most valuable land it was the
most protected from storms from the
ocean and so on there were a bunch of
reasons that water was really calm there
and so on and that's why Europeans want
to take the land too so that there's a
lot packed into that but for me I think
the most fundamental thing I've said
against I still say against Corey and
Tara McCarthy is that they are pro
genocide they are racist in many ways
under many different headings you know
they have a whole thing about either
against miscegenation there against
interbreeding between the races and
their their political position is that
they want to kick out all non-white
people from North America including
vegan gains I've seen
tarah answer a direct question without
which she got a question from a viewer
saying well what's your position on
someone like being Gaines Richard vegan
gains who is half black and half white
in his lives its whole life here you
know its whole family's been fortunate
why would you kick someone so and her
position was ultimately yes you know
like her her concept of she insists it's
non-violence she wants to non-violently
exile all these people from United
States and Canada and you know that so
that their whole approach I mean look I
mean I it's not a hard argument to make
their approach is in a word of white
nationalism treating the United States
and Canada as a as a so-called white
homeland which it's not
I've given Isaac credit for this in the
past he has said their their perspective
is basically that they want they want
North America to be for white people
what Japan is for Japanese people in the
same of this Japanese nationalism the
Japanese people should you know remain
the majority of Japan there are many
flaws to that I mean it's it's an
interesting way of thinking about the
world is what in political science we
call irredentism this kind of homeland
centered you know politics but among the
most striking and obvious problems in
terms of the differences between
Japanese nationalism which is itself
also fascist and racist and has an
incredibly violent history by the way
there are already problems with Japanese
at the nationalism like heard of world
war two like that it's it's defects in
the past but you know that aside the
relationship between the the Japanese
people and the Japanese islands is not
the relationship between white people
and Canada not at all and and the
history of colonialism and genocide is
not some minor footnote in this
discussion this is a profound difference
so one of my catchphrases that I used
years ago back when I was doing research
and Laos and Cambodia and so on I used
to say all the time not all indigenous
people are tribal and not all tribal
people are indigenous so you know for
example the indigenous people of Germany
are Germans now they're not the only
indigenous people Germany but they've
been there for thousands of years back
to the records we have from ancient Rome
and so on so the
fact that somebody is not or a group of
people they're not living in tribal
conditions doesn't take away from them
that's not the same criterion for being
indigenous let really think about the
meaning of the word indigenous however
Germans are not indigenous to Canada or
the United States so big difference to
this in this context and the other hand
I mean look where I was living in
northern Laos we did have tribal people
who had you know distinctive handmade
forms of dress at that time they still
did probably in the last ten years
though they're losing that lifestyle we
had tribal people who still used
crossbows and Spears and did traditional
hunting and more traditional traditional
costume you know traditional handmade
clothes and so on I drove my bicycle
through some of those villages and again
they may be the last I mean today you
know a few years later that that may be
they may be assimilating more more but
you had people who were in tribal
conditions and very often they were not
indigenous
they had just migrated there within the
last 75 years so the meaning of
indigenous and the meaning of tribal
these really need to be separated in
your mind but okay to stick with Japan
for one more moment if you really
believe in this you believe in this
irredentist approach to politics which
in the context of Japan is very
different from the context of New York
City who why is Manhattan Island called
Manhattan you know it's not a European
name the indigenous people of Manhattan
Island were the LANAP a fill in that
they are now basically exists what would
basically extinct apartment they
basically don't exist I think there are
a few people who still identify as an
appe but their civilization has been
totally destroyed so you can't just give
Manhattan back to the Manhattan people
you can't give it back to one happy
why is Ottawa called Ottawa Ottawa is
the capital city of Canada it's not
called Paris it's not called London it's
not it's called Ottawa the Ottawa
language is right now on the brink of
extinction I think there are maybe 12
people who still speak the Ottawa
language fewer than a hundred people
otherwise is Algonquin language they're
actually closely related though the
language of Ottawa and the language of
New York City so they're normally refer
to Ottawa and Lenape they're actually
cognate languages they're very much in
the same language family and so on we
could have had an alternate history in
which these these shared our culture
even if it was
culture we don't we have a real history
of genocide but even within Japan so in
Japan who are the indigenous people of
Japan well the Japanese also groups like
the Ainu so other ethnic minority groups
in Japan who have been there since
forever basically and some other groups
that live on separate islands called the
NIV key if you just look at Japan
geographically it's not surprising that
a few different indigenous groups
scattered around these islands I mean
Japan is a very strange shape so I think
it's not like there's just one ethnic
group that's that's indigenous to Japan
well Japan's number one priority if you
really believe this if you believe the
simple premise that Japan is for the
Japanese is to immediately go to war
with Russia to reclaim northern Japan
look at a real map of Japan go to Google
Maps and scroll up Japan is cut off at a
dotted line where part of Japan was
conquered by the Russians notably
Sakhalin Island notably the only source
of oil and gas Japan ever had or ever is
gonna have its a major Allah cast
reserve and that was indigenous Snivy
and I new territory which is now
inhabited by white blond people you know
if you believe this if you believe in
this principle if your intent is owned
that Japan is for the Japanese you must
by the same token unless you are guilty
of a double standard you must believe
that Australia is for the indigenous
australians you must if this is your
ethno nationalist perspective you must
want to kick out the russians from
northern japan the little piece of japan
they conquered you must want to kick out
the white people from australia and the
implications for New York City and
Ottawa is looking pretty bleak you know
if that's your nationalist perspective
so one of things I've said to to ask
yourself said to Isaac I said look my
problem with this is not that you're
violating my code of ethics my prom with
this is that you're violating your own
code of ethics because Isaac as guy who
cares passionately about this kind of
logical consistency he cares about not
having a double standard right now in
reality what Cory and Tara McCarthy say
and I've got videos directly quoting
them they adopt a might makes right
position so if you a doctor might mix
right position then you say well part of
Japan now belongs to the Russians just
because they conquered it they were
stronger so that's fine so the fact that
they totally
be populated of Japanese people and
nifty people and I knew people in other
groups native to it then then you accept
that as just fine on the base of the
right mix might might makes right and
then I suppose you accept it by the same
token for basically the genocide in
Australia
slow-motion genocides in Australia
slow-motion genocide in Canada that
leads to a very bleak view of the world
now again we're not really talking about
my principles here
ask yourself Isaac he has argued against
that might makes right principle again
and again and again in video after video
after video for him that's a big part of
why he doesn't accept different excuses
for eating meat or exploiting animals is
to say well you can't just say might
makes right in terms of human
relationships with cows the fact that we
have bred them in this way controlled
them in this way sabore did them in this
way and so on doesn't justify our
continuing to do so or what happened
yeah so Mike doesn't make right in terms
of human relationships with animals I
think everyone knows in a very simple
sense in politics might might doesn't
make right I'm you know I mean so we
just watched a movie adaptation of the
the Nuremberg trials the question the
end of World War two one of my former
bosses I've told you other other
examples about him he basically did
subscribe to my mix right he's the only
person I've ever met who really said he
believed the United States should have
used the atom bomb in the Vietnam War
that they should have destroyed Vietnam
with the ANA bomb and so on so he is a
bit you know and he was old enough he
remembered he was a child right after
the Nazi period I think he was born I
mean like he was an infant during the
Nazi period or something but he had
memories of the devastation after that's
war and I remember just asking him I
said well look you know whatever you
think the basis of the conflict is the
United States and Vietnam it's pretty
trivial compared to the conflict to the
United States and Germany in World War
two so by your own moral values what
you've just expressed if he believed
that you know if you believe the United
States should have totally decimated
Vietnam right so why why wouldn't we you
know action whether through the nuclear
bomber why wouldn't we resolve World War
two through you know Holocaust like you
know yet another atrocity even larger
than the Holocaust decimating the German
people are decimating everyone who had
supported the Nazi Party which was quite
quite easy to do I mean
had the records we knew who was we knew
who was a card-carrying Nazi and it
wasn't it was definitely in our power in
terms of the Western Allies is in our
power to use the atom bomb it was in our
power to carry out ethnic cleansing if
you like within Germany to Massacre
everyone who had supported the Nazi
Party that would have greatly reduced
the population Germany you know we could
have done the same in France too what
percentage of people in France were
collaborators with a Nazi regime and
those were those were debates that
really happen so I mean if in terms of
might makes right it leads us to other
very difficult but I know I know Isaac
does not accept accept my mic's right so
look on the general question of what is
colonialism and what is genocide my
perspective on this specific controversy
boils down to saying anyone who is pro
British Empire in this context or pro
Spanish Empire or pro French Empire is
in effect pro genocide and that's not
really a complex or controversial claim
you know like if in the context of what
happened to Haiti and why it is today
Haiti is not populated by its indigenous
people if you talk about the province of
Quebec and why it is that indigenous
people or maybe 1% of the population of
Quebec why it is that Tasmania contains
absolutely zero indigenous Tasmanians
Tasmania is normally given a sample of a
hundred percent genocide if you support
the British Empire the French Emperor
the Spanish part in these guys if you
say that is good if you are pro Empire
in that context then you are pro
genocide and Cory McCarthy and Tara
McCarthy are very very clear that they
are Pro Empire in that sense now I also
think in the present tense they're Pro
Empire historically looking back at that
time but it's also very clear in the
present tense their political position
is racist and I would say progetto side
because you cannot be a white
nationalist in the context of Canada the
United States without being pro genocide
you know now I think I think it is
possible by the same token I think you
can be a Japanese nationalist in Japan
without being pro genocide I think that
is possible you know it's a little bit
of a problem that Japan tried to conquer
a large part of the rest of the world
well a little hiccup there I mean when
the Japanese were conquering Korea even
take one example Molly you know you're
Japanese nationalism is starting to make
less and less sense trying to conquer
large parts of northeastern China and so
on okay then I'm a Japanese nationalisms
maybe a topic for for another video but
that is an interesting comparison
Isak makes when he says their position
is is fundamentally like that now the
idea of colonialism is a big political
football
I think it's overused and misused and
used much too vaguely the same way I
said before look not all indigenous
people are tribal not all tribal people
or indigenous my fundamental point this
video is actually not all colonialism is
genocide oh and I don't say that to make
excuses for colonialism I was going to
glorify colonialism but we have to face
up to the fact that what the British
Empire did in Hong Kong is very very
different from what the British Empire
did in Ontario and Quebec Canada or
Australia Tasmania these other examples
it's much boom owned there's a big
national discourse here in China of
presenting China's the the victim of
colonialism colonialism at its worst
the colonialism red and tooth and Fang
came here and destroyed the glory that
was medieval China that's a that's a
huge part of the official narrative of
the history of China here but the
reality is when the British ruled Hong
Kong the majority of the residents of
Hong Kong or Chinese and continued
speaking Chinese and continued having
schools and Chinese and education in
Chinese and going to the hospital in
Chinese you know the majority of the
residents of Quebec or if Canada's a
whole are not the native people and they
can't go to the hospital in their native
language they can't go to the police in
their native language they have become
foreigners in their own country
you know the attitude that British
Empire had in appropriating the land and
resources of Canada or Australia is
profoundly different from the role of
setting up a city state or a trading
station which is still colonialism that
is still part of the workload this were
colonialism encompasses a really wide
range of political and practical
realities so you can imagine how
profoundly different the history of can
it would be today
if the British Empire had just set up a
number of Hong Kong like city-states on
the coast of Canada and had not
otherwise disrupted native culture
inland they would have had trade that
would have had interaction that would
have had some kinds of political
intrigue with one another but if the
native people of Canada had their own
Emperor
in the same way that the people of China
had their own Emperor right up till the
the end of the Chinese Empire that was
negotiating with and signing agreements
with European powers so the Canadian
native people and Australian native
people were not treated even as well as
the British Empire and other European
empires treated the people of China it's
also a really instructive contrast and
looking at the history of China
and history of India there's a sense in
which colonialism is one thing and we
use it in a politically frankly a
politically dishonest way talk about the
history long is in the way but there's
also a really profound sense in which we
have to say not all colonialism is
genocide 'el and we have to appreciate
the sort of depth and gravity of the
significance when colonialism is
genocide 'el when it when it presumes
that the native people of a country have
no right to live there have no business
being there you know because if the
native people of Canada have no no
business living in Canada they can be
wiped out and replaced with a clear
objective of the form of government is
to supplant that native population
that's the majority of people of China
remain Chinese and thus China still
endures as a nation today but we're in a
profoundly different situation in Canada
Australia and so on where we're in the
shadow of genocide and that that stain
that long-term consequence it doesn't it
doesn't wash off easily so yeah I don't
get it I got nothing else to say about
Cory McCarthy and ask yourself and
everybody else but I said in an earlier
video I think you know questions of
politics once we get into more
sophisticated folders very often we're
talking about differences in priority
not necessarily differences in simple
facts or decisions or what are we gonna
do I don't understand how it's possible
for somebody with ask yourselves about a
set of beliefs whether the beliefs and
logic of
how can you put such a low priority on
the indigenous people of Canada why
isn't that I'm a treasure for you if you
care enough about this to make these
elaborate excuses for Gloria bow Karthi
and Tara McCarthy why is that a priority
and not dealing with the reality of the
fact that the land you're living on
right now has this genocide history and
has very clear and present problems a
very clear and present crisis of asking
are these languages gonna go extinct in
the current generation are we going to
lose that last 1% or what I mean if
again I think pretty much everyone who
grows up in Germany today in their
formal education system faces up to the
legacy of World War two faces up to the
history of racism and to some extent
colonialism but you know racism and
genocide in the history of Germany
that's a major part of their education
major part of their current identity
national identity of Germany is then how
do you define yourself in contrast to
the history and in Canada I think a lot
of people like ask yourself are
sleepwalking they've never they never
face stuff that they've never thought
about that they never thought about why
is Ottawa called Ottawa how many people
can still speak the out of our language
why is it in downtown Ottawa when I use
a bank machine the bank machines are all
in English they're not in this other
language called Ottawa you know what I
mean you know the basic reality of how
far how far cultural genocide is already
gone up to this point and I see
fundamentally in this political context
I see somebody like Isaac okay ask
yourself I see somebody like Isaac as
someone who thinks of himself as cynical
but really he's not really he's very
soon he's very new to this game I think
he's basically jun and naive enough to
be manipulated by people like Cory
McCarthy and Tara McCarthy and they're
their political positions are laughably
racist outrageously racist and although
he makes an interesting point in saying
that he shouldn't be
he shouldn't be guilty by association I
think that's true and that's why when I
talk to him I'm cordial and so on this
is politics baby this is Paul's Bill
Clinton can't go to a neo-nazi barbecue
he can't worry if he does he's got to be
clear that he's protesting I mean like
Bill Clinton goes to a neo-nazi bar
it's got to be clear that he's there to
confront those people he's got he's got
to define what his position is and what
the other side's position is and what
the difference is and and for me this
video that's exactly what I'm doing
because I've got to say ask yourself as
a nice guy he seems to be a very smart
although very eccentric guy he's got
with a lot of potential and I don't say
that often in terms of somebody who is
potentially positive of the future being
a movement but me sitting down at the
same table as as Isaac
it's about pictures as we going through
a neo-nazi picnic and I I do feel
pressure on me to make this video and
say look I fundamentally have your
reconcilable values of this guy or a
totally different perspective and that's
easiest that's most easily expressed in
terms of a difference in priority rather
than anything else you know there are
all kinds of other questions about race
and ethnicity I don't think we've even
mentioned black people or you know
enslavement of Africans in this video
until now yeah that's also a huge issue
don't get me wrong we were just talking
about you know this instead of the black
versus white contrast the indigenous
versus colonial contrast in this video
so sure there are all kinds of other you
know questions and issues and police
brutality and you know other questions
of race relations in America and Canada
and multiculturalism and intersectional
ISM and political correctness there are
a million different wrinkles but your in
terms of priority I've got to tell you I
grew up in Canada
pissed off I grew up angry that I grew
up in a country built on genocide and I
grew up angry at my own parents and my
own cousins and relatives that none of
them gave a [ __ ] that nobody around me
was gonna lift a finger about this this
fundamental hypocrisy now if you say so
I grew up in a Canada where all
Canadians were so eager to tell you that
were morally superior to the Americans
we're just so morally pure because we
like Canada's so much better the United
States there was like the major
political lay motif of my crime in
Canada and on this issue I had to say no
we're not like no we're not you know
this is this huge crisis and you know
you know there's a line from Chris Rock
Santo comedian Chris Rock and he has he
has a bit a minute saw Elvis is now on
video but it's a live pet for four years
where he said during a stand-up comedy
he said any time you think you know
nobody has it worse than black people he
said no no no Native Americans and his
punchline basic what basically was he
says Native Americans he said you don't
even see those guys around
he said when was the last time you went
to an Olive Garden and you just saw a
table of Native Americans sitting there
he said that that's that's how far it's
gone you know with Native Americans and
you know I mean it's it's stand-up
comedy but I mean like you know that's
that's that's my point exactly
I don't want the status of indigenous
culture in Canada to just be a monument
you know what I mean a monument to the
people who were once there you know so
look from my perspective were within two
or three generations of total genocide
this is the endgame to cultural genocide
and those tough decisions either weren't
going to make them now or never
and yeah I look at a guy like ask
yourself and to me he's on the wrong
side although he is being polite and
cordial and friendly and he and he's
willing to say oh wow that's an
interesting perspective I've never heard
that before
I give him credit for that and people
like Cory and Tara McCarthy they are
pretty much people so antithetical to
where I'm at and they're also against
miscegenation there against the
interbreeding of different racial groups
they're into this whole complex races
but they're there they're as far apart
for me as someone who is more or less in
a state of race war
I mean I'm white and they're white but
we're I'm white and partly Jewish Tara
also is whiteness partly to actually but
believe me where we are basically on
opposite sides of a of a race war so
look we were just looking at I think
this is worth going Zinn video we were
just looking at the two six nine website
and article an article about usage now
so
okay two six nine life they're a group
who openly say they don't want to deal
with human rights issues yeah and
they'll accept anyone so they'll accept
you like so allegedly I mean it
practices through but allegedly they'll
accept you if you're racist yeah and you
know this has come up between me and
Maude vegan my vegans position is that
basically you should define how
politically correct you require people
to be and then in your vegan movement
you don't let people and if they're
racist you don't want people that if
they're too conservative if they if they
differ from you largely two six nine
life a man I think that's that's a
really interesting counterpoint where
they decided no the only barrier to
entry is your willingness to scarify her
bloppy your willingness to be tattooed
or branded with the number two six nine
they just said forget it we're not
dealing with any human rights issues
we're just dealing with animal rights
issues yeah but the result would be I
mean you could just ask yourself as a
thought experiment would you really be
willing to be part of the same protest
with Cory McCarthy or Terry McConnell
Tara McCarthy
uh this chemo ask yourself was talking
about having a political roundtable talk
about vegan politics yeah well obviously
uh via the internet not an actual table
digital table anyway yeah I'll be great
to do with the real table and I said to
myself well look you got to think about
your position in this because you know
people like me would I participate if
Cory McCarthy is there or someone like
him someone who represents racist
right-wing you know pro genocide Pro
Empire white nationalist views then
theism and again it's like will Bill
Clinton go to a picnic with neo-nazis
it's that it's that far gone it's that
extreme I doubt I just guess in reality
I doubt to 6:9 life lives up to that I
don't they have that much ideological
and political and racists diversity I
guess that's just in principle in
reality it's just saying look there are
a lot of human rights issues within
Israel there are a lot a human rights
issues and there are a lot of
foundations done with that that's not
what we're dealing with but I mean if
it's a round table if it's not a
rectangular table if it's not if it's a
rail table
I don't think I can work with those
people and and look
Isaac he's he supposedly supports this
kind
debate you know Cory McCarthy responded
to my challenging him very politely
video that didn't say anything
you know insulting over the top I just
quoted Cory McCarthy basically and said
look this is what it is you know Cory
has never been willing to debate me
never want to talk me he deleted his own
videos in shame after I just raised the
question yeah so there's no way forward
in terms of debate or or confrontation
with what's on that set table
I guess I'm happy that there are more
vegans in the world but yeah it really
really suck to have people that are
racist but work that's not like we can
disclose them or disclude anybody from
becoming vegan just because they have
different and the thing is wrong beliefs
sure sure sure sure
surely veganism ultimately minutes it's
a practice in search of an ideology
anybody can join anybody can start
preaching in promoting veganism
including right-wing extremists
including neo-nazis including what I
mean that's that's part of the reality
where would you live right now but the
irony is a guy like ask yourself he
offers a lot of kind of fresh ideas than
veganism that are not the conventional
definitely thing that you and I are
happy to hear about too like you were
just looking at this article to 69 and
the article basically argued 269 is
incompatible with intersectional ISM
yeah and you were like great oh you were
like great I'd rather be part of a vegan
movement that rejects intersectional
submit as eczema intersectional I'm is
such a drag it's such a crappy left-wing
academic thing I don't want the dead
weight great and you know ask yourself
Isaac he's also someone who rejects
intersexual ISM not for the same reasons
I do that's interesting I mean we come
from totally different political
perspectives totally agree but he
basically hates intersectional as a
concept so I mean you know there is
something to be said for a diversity of
opinion but well I mean this is this is
when we get into real politics you know
I'm at the end of the day I've said this
before all I could say fundamentally is
look this is who I am
these are my values this is where I am
this way you get down to a certain level
where it's like look this is why it is
totally unacceptable for me to break
bread with someone who is pro
British Empire Pro colonialism Pro
genocide and in this case even
explicitly pro-pro white race you know
that's a wrap